Add more what's new entries for 5.0 (#6980)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/whatsnew/5.0.rst

- scikit-image 0.18.0
- scipy 1.7.0

New documentation structure
===========================

> There has been a major overhaul of the documentation structure
> The new structure has four major distinct sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There has been a major overhaul of the documentation structure.
The documentation is now organised into four major distinct sections:
```

- :ref:`tutorial`, a step-by-step introduction to sunpy.

> - :ref:`how_to_guide`, a set of small self contained guides to getting specific tasks done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :ref:`how_to_guide`, a set of small self contained guides for getting specific tasks done.
```

> - :ref:`how_to_guide`, a set of small self contained guides for getting specific tasks done.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :ref:`how_to_guide`, a set of small self-contained guides for getting specific tasks done.
```

> - :ref:`guide`, a set of more in depth guides that explain how and why different parts of sunpy work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :ref:`guide`, in-depth explanations that detail how and why different parts of sunpy work.
```

- :ref:`reference`, a listing of the contents of the sunpy package.

OS agnostic packaging
=====================
A pure Python sunpy distribution is now published on PyPI with each release.
This distribution contains all the functionality of sunpy apart from the code for reading ANA files.
pip will default to installing the pure Python distribution instead of the source distribution on platforms other than Linux (x86-64) and macOS (x86-64 and ARM64).

> This should mean simpler and faster installs on such platforms, which includes the Raspberry Pi as well as some cloud computing services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should mean simpler and faster installs on such platforms, which include the Raspberry Pi as well as some cloud computing services.
```

Getting pixels along a coordinate path
======================================

> A new function, :func:`sunpy.map.pixelate_coord_path`, has been added to get all pixels that are intersected by a given coordinate path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new function, :func:`sunpy.map.pixelate_coord_path`, has been added to return all pixels that are intersected by a given coordinate path.
```

> A new function, :func:`sunpy.map.pixelate_coord_path`, has been added to return all pixels that are intersected by a given coordinate path.
> See the following pages for examples of its use:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new function, :func:`sunpy.map.pixelate_coord_path`, has been added to return all pixels that are intersected by a given coordinate path.
This replaces the now-deprected :func:`sunpy.map.extract_along_coord`.
See the following pages for examples of how to use :func:`~sunpy.map.pixelate_coord_path`,
```

- scikit-image 0.18.0
- scipy 1.7.0

New documentation structure
===========================
There has been a major overhaul of the documentation structure.
The documentation is now organised into four major distinct sections:

- :ref:`tutorial`, a step-by-step introduction to sunpy.
- :ref:`how_to_guide`, a set of small self-contained guides for getting specific tasks done.

> - :ref:`topic_guide`, in-depth explanations that detail how and why different parts of sunpy work.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :ref:`topic-guide-index`, in-depth explanations that detail how and why different parts of sunpy work.
```

I was wrong:
```
/home/runner/work/sunpy/sunpy/docs/whatsnew/5.0.rst:45: WARNING: undefined label: 'topic_guide'
```
I renamed it to "topic-guide-index".

    2022-02-15 00:00:00.000 2022-02-15 23:59:59.999 ...     NOAA      avg1m
    <BLANKLINE>
    <BLANKLINE>

``sunpy.database`` deprecation
==============================
The ``sunpy.database`` module is no longer actively maintained and has a number of outstanding issues.
It has now been formally deprecated, and will be removed in sunpy 6.0.
If you are using sunpy.database and would like to see a replacement, please join the discussion thread at https://community.openastronomy.org/t/deprecating-sunpy-database/495.

Deprecation of IO readers
=========================
``sunpy.io.cdf``, ``sunpy.io.file_tools`` and ``sunpy.io.jp2`` sub-modules have been deprecated, and will be removed in version 5.1.

> This because they are designed for internal use only, and removing it from the public API gives the developers more flexibility to modify it without impacting users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are designed for internal use only, and removing them from the public API gives the developers more flexibility to modify them without impacting users.
```
